# SoC_Image-Editing
I actually started my SoC Image Editing Project by reading Al Sweigart's book (Automate the Boring Stuff with Python) to master the fundamentals of Python. Variables, datatypes, functions, operators, dictionaries and organising datatypes, and Strings are all fundamental topics in Python that I studied from this book. I practised more questions of this topic on Hackerrank to get  better understand of these topics.
The next goal was to watch Andrew NG's course on coursera on Machine Learning. So far, I've watched every lecture in this course till week 5. Watching this lectures gave me quite  better understanding and  provided an overview of Machine Learning. Week 1 covers Supervised and Unsupervised Learning, Cost Functions, and Gradient Descent. Multivariate Linear Regression, as well as Octave and Matlab tutorials, are addressed in Week 2. Following that, I studied logistic regression and Neural Network representation in Weel 3 and 4 respectively. Week 5 gave us detail overview of application of Neural networks.
Next I completed one assignment which was given to us on Python. For this I learrned Numpy and Matplotlib to make a simple linear regression model and plotting its results for the given dataset. In this I need to implement proper logic for gradient descent and learn parameters(weight) of the fitting line through gradient descent.
As of now I am done with all this task and next I am going to start with deep learning specialisation course by Andrew NG.
